- Babe!
Hey!
- Yeow!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Yeow!
- Hey.
- I think you're all
forgetting about tomorrow morning.
- How could we?
- Who votes we ditch the fun run?
- We have to be at the starting line
at 9. so we're calling it a night.
- It's Marilyn's birthday.
not yours.
- Aware of that. Carla.
- It's Camilla.
- Fun run tomorrow.
winery on Sunday.
- Night. guys.
- Night. Bea.
Night. Nikki.
- Why did you invite your cousins?
- Because Bea's great.
but if I wanted her to come.
I had to invite her sister. too.
- No. She's not the boss of me.
- Good morning.
ladies and gentlemen.
This is Jonty from Peninsula FM
sending you on the third
annual Mowai Bay
fun ruuun!
- Yay.
- Whoo-whoo-whoo-whoo!
- Eugh.
- Oh. come on.
- Can't we go back to bed?
- Honey. this crowd is the reason
we were so busy last night.
Plus. you love running.
- I do not love running.
- Well. it could be worse.
You could be one of the party
animals from Unit 2 last night.
- Sorry I didn't know your size.
but you people like to wear
tight-fitting clothes. right?
- You people?
- How much did I beat you by
in Queenstown. Bea?
Four minutes?
Remember. there's no shame in
walking if you're not up to it.
- Runners. are you ready?
On your marks. Get set.
Go!
- Too hard. too fast. Nikki.
- Detour to the pub?
- We would never hear the end of it.
- I did not sign up for this. Maz.
- The quicker we go.
the quicker it will be over.
Happy birthday to me
- I'll have a G 'n' T. thanks.
- Oh. Only got water
and water. so..
- Oh. I thought this was a fun run.
Ow-uh.
- And here comes
number one. guys.
First place.
Not even breaking a sweat.
Look at that. Phenomenal effort.
Battling it out for
third and fourth place.
Excellent effort. guys. Well done.
Round of applause
for these two gentlemen.
- This is supposed to be fun. right?
Harden up. sweetheart― Oh!
Ooh.
- I'm not saying a word.
- Oh no. Ow.
Ow. Shit.
- No. that's not good.
Shit. I think last night's vodka
is about to make a comeback.
- How did you beat Beatrix?
- I did?
- Oh my God. If Bea quit
and went back to the motel...
- She wouldn't. would she?
- She'd be too scared of her sister.
- Come on. guys. give
'em a round of applause. Let's
keep the motivation going. guys.
Yoo. Ha.
- You all good?
- Oh. So good.
- Oh.
- Oh. Hello.
- ...off.
- Yeah. Might need
the first aid tent.
- You right. babe?
- Oh. yeah.
- Yeah. you're right.
- Come on in. You got this.
Coming in at 67th place.
Round of applause for that
effort. guys. A+ there.
- Great.
?
- Well done. guys. Well done.
- Not quite.
- Uh. excuse me.
My sister isn't back yet.
- Our friends went back to
the motel. but she's not there.
- She could be sulking because
I put so much distance between us.
- We tried tracking her watch.
but nothing's coming up.
- OK. What-What's her name?
- Beatrix!
Hello?! Beatrix!
Beatrix!
- So you hate running.
but you entered the run.
- Uh. Vin's idea.
Trying to find new stuff to do.
Beatrix!
I could maybe give...
maybe give fishing a go.
You fish?
- Wait. Is that...?
- It's blood. Looks fresh.
- Beatrix!
Hello?!
- Jamie.
- Sheesh. Who died?
- The woman in Unit 11. actually.
- What?
- Mm.
- Wait. If you're here.
who's manning reception?
- Manning's actually a really
gendered term. Cole.
- How am I supposed to know
if I was the last person
to see my sister alive?
- Witnesses say
that you were at the front and
Beatrix wasn't far behind you.
- What witnesses?
We're both experienced runners.
N-No one was even close to us.
- Yeah. Hence the 'last
person to see her' thing.
You didn't notice your
sister injure herself?
- I...
I was in the zone.
And she didn't injure herself.
She's dead.
She went for a stupid.
piddly 10 K run.
How could she fall down
a bank and die?
- Beatrix's injuries were
to the front of the head.
and the back.
inflicted with a hard object.
- Are you s―
saying someone attacked her?
Wha― Who?
When?
Why are you―?
- This...
was in Beatrix's hand.
- Um....
Uh. it must have...
fallen off when...
- When what. Nikki?
- You can't possibly think...
that I...
- I'll be in touch. Mrs Hewitt.
- Hey. Jamie.
- Hey.
- So. what are we looking at?
- Uh. initial results look like
cerebral oedema.
Blunt force trauma. Two. three
whacks to the front of the head ―
single to the back ―
with a bar or a bat. maybe.
Yeah. Fitness watch was smashed.
- Defence injury.
- What'd the sister have to say?
- Uh. that she will. quote.
'destroy my career while
it's still in the womb.'
- God.
- And that she didn't see
or hear or do anything.
And a bunch of stuff
about her sisters keys.
- OK. Well. how can we help?
- Direct me to the rest
of the birthday party.
- After the race started.
I never saw Bea again.
- I'm not much of a cardio guy.
- I stopped for a rest.
I was drowning in that XXL T-shirt.
- The one that Nikki and
Beatrix ordered for you?
- Just Nikki.
Beatrix wasn't like that.
I don't think.
- Bea and I were close. but
with Bea came Nikki.
- I only met them last night.
Nikki's. like. a Z-list celebrity
from doing a bunch of TV commercials.
Ew.
- And Beatrix?
- She was pretty but didn't
make much of an impression.
- She seemed normal enough.
except for the weird competitive
thing with her sister.
- What competitive thing?
- Always been like that.
You know. who's a faster runner?
Who has the nicest car?
Who makes more money?
- Nikki has to win.
- All the time. It's exhausting.
- I wanted to throw Maz
the most epic birthday party.
But then. her bitch cousin
turns up. takes over.
and cancels the bottomless
brunch I booked.
- There's bottomless brunch
in Mowai bay?
- My special skill ― I can
sniff out a bottomless brunch
within a 20-mile radius.
But Nikki entered everyone
in a fun run instead.
- The run was Nikki's idea?
Could she have murdered her sister?
- Come on. No way.
- I assumed it was random.
Now that you say it. Nikki...
Maybe.
- Obviously.
- Please stop posting on
the community Facebook page. Saffron.
Especially those yellow things.
- But old people love minions.
- And speaking of old people.
you went to called Gladys from
the bowls club a walking cadaver.
- We have beef. I'm not sorry.
- Vanessa. should you be up and about
on that leg of yours. love?
- We covered the entire course start
to finish. Not a single bloody clue.
- Those two sisters were
well ahead of the pack.
- Thanks. honey.
- Yeah. they were real fast.
Wow. They're fast.
- Another one.
Didn't even stop for water.
- It's hard to believe that a third
person caught up to themboth.
killed Beatrix and then disappeared.
- Unless they used the goat track.
- The goat track? What is that?
- The― Oh. OK.
- But That― That was our roster.
- OK. So the course ―
roughly ― there.
And this right here
is a shortcut.
It's an old walking trail.
- The goat track.
- Goat track.
- No. Stop.
Elevate that leg.
- Me?
Oh. yeah. Wow. OK.
I'll go and get ready.
So. yeah. I come through here every
Tuesday. Just to get my steps up.
Dunno why they call it the goat
track. though. because I'm on this
track and I've never seen a goat.
My nephew called me a GOAT the other
day. Do you know what it means?
The Greatest Of All Things.
- Yeah.
- Careful. love. Careful.
- OK. Ma-Ma-Maxine. can we just...
- What is it? What is it?
Is it a murder weapon?
- No.
One of the runners
came through this trail.
So someone did get ahead of Beatrix.
Or they were
already waiting for her.
- Peter. I'm assuming this is
the spot ― where it happened.
So there were 68 runners.
Take out the victim.
take out you. take out Vanessa.
What are you left with?
- 65.
There you go. Look at you.
Making progress.
- My cousin and her friends.
Where are they?
- Oh. Um...
I heard them talking
this morning saying something
about a winery tour.
- Maybe it's their way of grieving
and giving you some space.
- I booked that winery tour.
And they left me here?
I can't book an Uber.
- Oh. yeah. No Ubers out here.
- Maybe you can take your sister's
car. It's only a 10-minute drive.
- OK. First off. cold. And second.
I can't find the keys.
- Look. I'm really
sorry about your sister.
- It's been a sucky few weeks.
First our nan passing.
- Oh. Were you close with your nan?
- I was her favourite. She loved
having a celebrity in the family.
I was in a lot of very prominent
TV commercials. You wouldn't
have seen them. You're...
Australian.
- Right.
- Oh shit. Nan's inheritance.
A third to each of us.
Does Marilyn get half now?
- So your nan left an inheritance
to you. Beatrix and Marilyn?
- She'll push for half
because she's povo.
She works in retail. They all do.
If we find the keys to Bea's car.
can I drive it home?
- Uh. at some stage.
- Well. thanks.
I'll let Detective Granger know
and get these sent to forensics
in Auckland.
Hey. Did you know that it was Nikki
Hewitt's idea to enter the run?
- See if she knows
about the goat track.
- Sure thing.
- And get warrants underway
to search the group's vehicles.
Me and Vin'll do a sweep
at the motel.
- Uh-huh.
- And the victim's car keys
still haven't turned up.
It'd be great to locate those.
- Thanks. boss.
-  would
do with― without you guys.
- Enjoy your wine tasting. bitches?
- Oh. well. the booking was
non-refundable. so we thought―
- I lose my only sibling.
and you abandon me.
- Make it all about you.
- Wow. You are a piece of work.
- Oh. am  thought
I was a walking cliche
and that Marilyn only has
a gay best friend for attention.
- What?
- That's what she said. babes.
- To her.
You told him?
- He's my friend. You're not.
- You work in retail.
and you're in your 30s.
That's embarrassing. Carla.
- It's Camilla. And you know it.
- Yes. we're in retail.
And we're not ashamed. trophy wife.
- OK. Why don't we all just―
- I amnot.
I was the Ooh La Latte girl.
People still recognise me
from that campaign.
- Just say it.
You all think the wrong sister died.
Don't you?
- No. We think the bitch sister
killed the nice sister. Boom!
- Whoa. No. no. no. no. no.
No. No.
- Come on. I need another drink.
I'm the victim here.
- OK.
I'll make you a cup of tea.
- I don't have anyone else.
Not since Nan died. I looked
after Marilyn ― her and Bea.
- Hey. what about your parents?
- They sent us to boarding school.
swanned off to England.
Mum went with cancer 12 years ago.
then Dad ―
complications during surgery.
- Oh. I'm so sorry.
- It's...
- Nikki. that thing you said before
about the wrong sister dying?
- They're all thinking it.They are.
- It's just― you and Beatrix.
you're roughly the same build.
- She wished.
- Same height. Matching ponytails.
- Wait. Someone wantedmedead?
- It's possible.
- Oh my God.
Hello? Roger?
It was meant to be me.
I know. But the lady from the motel.
No―  am.
- Saffron.
- I was just getting
to these units. Relax.
- Not what I was going to ask.
- They wanted to
kill the hot sister.
- They're all out.
Nikki's with Vin. so you and I are
gonna service the room super fast
and see if we can find
anything that looks...
like this.
- I'm sure this is not
my job description.
but I'm so here for it.
It was Marilyn Jessup.
She's your killer.
Unit 2.
- Ugh.
Bull-shit.
- I know.
She seemed. like. really nice.
and she even made her own bed and...
I'll go put this back then.
Camilla has been smoking
in her room.
Plus. I found another one
of those sparkly wig things
in her bathroom bin.
- Snap.
- Guts.
This Cluedo shit is so hard.
- No. It's good.
We've narrowed it down
from 65 suspects to four.
- Oh. Hey. James. If you've come to
sweep the trail. I wouldn't bother.
- Maxine's already gone over
everything this morning
with Detective Coleman.
- Mm. Peter. that is. Not Vanessa.
Goodness. It must've been
quite confusing for them both
in the police force. eh.
- Well. good to know
you're on the case. Maxine.
- Thank you.
Actually. we do
have some more intel.
Andrea saw something. Tell him.
- Friday afternoon. two
of the group were arguing.
- How did you know who they were?
- It was obvious.
I was waiting for my fish 'n' chips.
and so were they.
And I couldn't help overhearing.
- Nikki. why did you tell Lane
to throw away the penises?
- Whichobviouslygot my attention.
- 'Cause who brings dildos and
penis headbands to a 30th birthday?
One. it's not a hen's do. and two.
you're not that basic. Are you?
- Actually. I am a bit basic. Me and
my friends find sex toys hilarious.
- They were having this conversation
right on the street. No shame.
- And as for those stupid wigs ―
what do you think Nan would say?
- Well. she'd probably tell you to
get your head out your arse. Nicola.
- Then my number got called. so I
went in to collect my fish tacos.
So I never found out how it ended.
- Darling. we know how it ended.
The murder.
Good luck. Constable.
Come. Don't dwell. Move. Move.
- Hey.
- How'd you go?
- Found a match
for the glittery ribbon
we picked up from the goat track.
It's from a wig.
- Well. that's a decent get.
Where'd you see the wig?
- In Marilyn. Nikki. Camilla
and Lane's rooms.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
What makes you think Nikki was
the intended victim. not the sister?
- Oh. I just spent 40 minutes
with her. and I wanted to kill her.
No. seriously. Nikki.
Beatrix. and Marilyn were all
due to receive an inheritance
from their grandmother.
If you were Marilyn. would you
rather receive a third or a half?
- So it's about money.
- Mm.
And who she'd rather share it with.
And what do we really know
about the birthday girl?
- Her socials are pretty vanilla.
Oh. Boyfriend. Brian.
Who's into neck tats.
bongs and Fortnite.
What a catch
- Wonder why he didn't come to
the birthday celebrations.
- Mm. Think it was a bit of
a girl's weekend. honey.
What about the grandmother?
- Well. she didn't go to
the birthday celebrations
because she died three weeks ago.
Marilyn's posted one of those
long. gushy tribute posts.
Nikki and Beatrix just posted
photos together at the wake.
- But nothing about the nan.
- Nikki iswearing
those boots though.
- Mm-kay. So a financial motive
for Marilyn still holds up.
She and Nikki weren't close.
You're not feeling it?
- Marilyn's been the perfect guest.
Polite. friendly.
- Hm.
- Um. guys.
found something.
- Nightclub bottle attack.
Marilyn Jessup sentenced.
Assault with intent to injure.
- Criminal record.
Not a small one either.
- Andrea said that
she saw Nikki and Marilyn
having an argument
the day they all arrived.
- Andrea?
- From the gift shop.
- Oh. She sold me
a $70 bottle of room spray.
It is quite nice. to be fair.
- Hm.
- So 'd look into Marilyn.
Guess what.
- She spent over two years in prison
for glassing some guy in a bar.
- Right.
You already knew.
Anyway. uh. bottling someone.
Blunt force trauma.
It's not a huge leap to make.
- Mm.
- Mm-hm.
- So someone should have
a casual chat with Marilyn.
- Yeah. I'll come by
tomorrow morning.
We'll take Marilyn. You take Nikki.
- Ask her about the argument.
We're looking for a motive.
- OK.
- Excuse me. Service.
Drink.
- Oh. OK. Whoa.
- OK. Here we are.
- Three. two. one.
- Guys.
- Yeah.
- I've been calling Bea's friends
to let them know. so I'm not
up for another interrogation.
- Nah. I'm off duty.
- Good.
- And I'm sorry.
Breaking the news.
I know how tough it can be.
- Do you agree it was
meant to be me who died?
- The investigation is ongoing. so...
So. were you and Marilyn
arguing about something?
- You think Marilyn
wanted to kill me?
- No.
No.
- That'd be typical. My own cousin.
She was always jealous
because of my acting career.
- You're an actor?
- It was a silly hobby.
but I still get recognised.
- Right.
- You know. you're very handsome
out of that uniform.
but you need to put it back on
and find out who wanted to kill me.
- Back to it's my night off.
- What about Lane?
Marilyn's idiotic gay bestie.
- Who you just met?
- Honestly. do I have to
do everything myself?
- Come in.
This is heaven.
- So sorry to interrupt.
. um. wanted to have a chat.
I will come back later.
- Laura is my new best friend.
Anything you need to say.
you can say in front of her.
- OK.
What really happened
at the nightclub the night
you got arrested?
- Excuse me.
- What's that got
to do with anything?
- I'm just asking because
it's only a matter of time
before the police do too.
People leap to conclusions
and will think.
'Oh. well. she has
a history of violence.'
And then
there's your grandmother's
inheritance to consider.
- So I did it because
I'm an angry poor person?
I was defending myself
from a drunk. abusive ex!
- OK.
- Why is nobody looking at Nikki?
She was homophobic to Lane.
And apparently she's been excluding
Camilla. She is such a bitch.
and she always has been.
- We think that―
whoever killed Beatrix m...
- What?
- I said. we think
whoever killed Beatrix
meant to kill Nikki.
So tell me again how
she's such a bitch.
- Out.
Out!
Get out-tuh!
- So she lost it.
- Mm. Her and everyone else today.
- We wanna see the managers now.
- OK. Karen.
- Oh my God. Karen ― so funny
- Hello.
Hi. We're the managers.
What's the problem?
- One of you accused
my best friend of murder!
- No one accused anyone.
I just asked some questions.
- No offence. but pretty crappy
thing to drop on someone.
Marilyn's really upset.
- So unless you want me to tear you
a brand new arsehole on Tripadvisor.
we want our money―
- OK. There's no need
to start threatening.
- Hey.
- Easy. tiger.
- Aargh!
- Wah!
- Oh my gosh.
- He's. um.
a bit emotional right now.
- Oh yeah? Is that all it is?
- Surprise!
- Get away from my car!
Aargh! What the hell!
She's let down two of my tyres!
- Hell yeah. I did.
- Respect.
It's really hard to
let down car tyres.
- Now you're all stuck here
while we work out which of you
killed my sister.
Suck it.
- We liked your sister!
- But you hate me! And that's
who you thought you were bashing.
Yeah. That's right.
Wrong sister.
- Is that what the police think?
- It's a theory. but everyone
should just calm down.
- One of you is gonna rot in jail.
and I can't wait.
- When you sold me the dream.
you did say we'd meet people
from all walks of life.
- I did.
- Just didn't think
they'd be from the same
walk of life we were used to.
- Mm. Same.
holiday vibes ― serenity.
- People can go wherever they want.
but they take their problems
with them. huh?
- Hm. Not all people. babe.
- It's true.
Very true.
- Vanessa and Peter really need
to start looking at the calibre
of guests they're letting in.
- Yeah. Or just. you know.
focus on what they came here to do.
- Something happened. Jamie?
- Nah.
Yeah.
They sorta reminded me
of this boss I used to have
at this accounting firm.
- What― You were an accountant?
- Oh.
She never listened to a word I said.
- Mm-mm.
- It was. 'New guy.
fix the photocopier.
'New guy.
the photocopier needs toner.
'New guy. who left a sandwich
in the photocopier?'
- Do you ever think there's some tea
that those two aren't spilling?
- Oi. stop.
- Oh...
know where that's from.
- No! I don't even have
the keys to Bea's car!
You two. tell him.
- I found a tyre iron.
It's bright orange.
I've sent it to Auckland
for prints. but it matches
the tool kit in Beatrix's car.
- He's arresting me for that.
- No. I'm arresting you because
when I asked you
to answer a few questions.
you punched me in the face.
- Nikki― Nikki.
Go with Constable Haira. OK?
- Roger. I'm being arrested.
I dunno. He just made something up.
- Was there any. uh. blood or
fingerprints on the tyre iron?
- There was a sparkly kinda
substance ― like makeup.
- And the keys ― there's―
- Guys.
- Leave it with me.
'm doing.
- No. he will literally have
to drag me out of my room.
- Well. that's us told.
- We searched that trail.
The only reason he found it now...
- ...is because it was planted.
Officer. no.  swear.
- You got wasted at retail. babes.
- Well. I did go to drama school.
you know.
Please. Set me free.
- Guys.
- To Beatrix?
And to the police
getting it so right.
Oh. selfie. Quick.
OK. Ready?
- They were definitely celebrating.
- Why wouldn't they?
Lane thinks he got away with planting
that tyre iron and framing Nikki.
- Mm.
- There was sparkly stuff
on that tyre iron. right?
- Uh. yeah. There was.
Same as here ― on the water cooler.
- The water cooler Lane
threw at us last night.
- Well. well. Sparkly Man's looking
more and more suspicious. Colemans.
As for being a camera hoe.
there's no official photos
of him on the fun run.
- Wait. What photos of the fun run?
- Are you two not on the Mowai Bay
Community Page?
Oh. come here. Look.
Here you go. See?
Random. random.
random.
Oh. that's a nice one. though. Look.
It's me and Andrea.
Moving on.
- Whoa.
- Is that her?
- And pendant still on at that point.
- Oh. poor love.
And don't worry. you two.
I haven't posted any pictures
of you on the page.
I know you feel funny about it.
Just tell me the truth ―
are you guys in witness protection?
That's all I wanna know.
- Main thing is. no Lane.
- No Camilla either.
- We covered every square inch
of the course.
- Hmm. I'm guessing
you did the same out here.
Eyes... glued to your feet.
Oh. How much time
did you spend looking up?
- Huh?
- Do you remember our second date?
- Yeah. Pizza place.
- That was our first date.
- No. no. No. no. It was―
- Honey. A drunken hook-up
after Burnsie's divorce party's
not a date. Cole.
- Semantics.
- First date ― pizza place.
Second date was a romantic picnic...
- ...in the Botanic Gardens.
Walking through...
Walking through the trees.
- We were throwing your car keys
up and down. catching them.
- And they didn't come down.
So what you're suggesting is...
- ...someone charges out.
whacks Beatrix. ducks back in here...
Oh― .
Huh.
- So you think someone
planted the tyre iron.
- Lane or Camilla.
- And the murder weapon
is in these trees?
How did you figure...?
- Don't ask. We. um―
We joined some dots.
- Here's the thing. Nikki is...
she has a big personality. but
that doesn't mean she's the killer.
- I guess bullying
isn't always being mean.
You know. sometimes it's just
talking over someone or...
not listening to them...
- As in...?
Oh. no. No. no. No. Jamie.
No. no. no. no. no.
We-We completely respect you
as a police officer.
and we are
working for you.
not the other way around.
- 100%. mate.
- Cool.
So what do we do now?
- Well. that's up to you. boss.
- OK.
You know how sometimes...
we bullshit.
- Well. we do what has to be done
to achieve an outcome.
- I've got an idea.
It might be dumb.
- No such thing. mate.
Lane. We have a few questions
we were hoping you could answer.
- I'm going for a run.
- Oh. I thought
you weren't one for cardio.
Which makes sense. actually.
'cause I don't remember seeing you
during the fun run.
- Yeah― He was with me
the entire time.
- It's possible.
No one got any official
photos of you. either.
- The photographers probably left
out of boredom.  was a horse.
I'd have been shot.
- The tyre iron the police found
has the same glitter on it
as our water cooler.
You know. the one you cracked
the sads at last night?
- So we're thinking
someone planted it.
The question is. Lane.
who were you trying to frame?
- What are you talking about?
- He put the tyre thingy in
the bush to make it look like―
- Nikki had done it. Exactly.
- Or Nikki did do it.
- Police have located
the actual murder weapon.
- Where were you
during the race. Camilla?
-  came last.
- OK. So you weren't with Lane
the whole time after all?
- Fine.
I detoured briefly to meet
someone off by the playground.
- Bro. The playground?
- Not for a hook-up.
I was buying supplies
for Saturday night.
- I think you've got supplies
on your nose there. mate.
- So? Arrest me.
That's right.
you can't. because apparently.
you're failed cops.
- Retired.
- Yeah. Retired.
- Who else is ready to go home?
- Oh. well. that will happen
really soon for some of you.
Because. like Cole said.
they have located the murder weapon.
- And the police are retrieving it
tomorrow morning for testing.
- But I wouldn't
go anywhere just yet.
- You think we pulled that off?
- We gave it a red-hot crack. honey.
- How's the ankle?
- Oh. yeah.
It's so much better.
Just wait till
we do next year's run.
- I'm not― Vin...
Ihaterunning.
- But you used to go all the time.
- Yeah. because I was so...
miserable at work
in those last months.
It was the only thing that
got me out of my head for an hour.
- I― Honey. why didn't you―
...talk―
- It isn't there. Camilla.
- W-W-What?
I'm just going for a walk.
- We know what you're doing. but
Constable Haira got there first.
- Stand clear.
- Blood and glitter.
- Lane wasn't the only one
to handle that water cooler. was he?
- He caught up with you
on the fun run before
he left to meet his dealer.
- Everything hurts.
- I'm guessing he shared some of
that sparkly hand cream with you.
- Let's put some fun in this run.
- And one of those silly wigs.
- But why did you grab that
bit of timber fence-paling ―
to use as a walking stick?
- Well. you weren't thinking
weapon... yet.
- Why would it be me?
I hardly even knew Beatrix.
- But you knew her sister. Nikki.
- No.
- You went to drama school.
- You got wasted at retail. babes.
- Well. I did go to drama school.
you know.
- And everyone knows
Nikki was an actor.
- Hardly.
She did two commercials.
And I left drama school
in the first semester.
And Nikki didn't even remember me.
so who cares?
- But you remembered her.
Once a bully. always a bully.
We getting close. Camilla?
You left to get away from Nikki.
and then 10 years later.
here she is again.
- Hijacking your best
friend's birthday party.
signing you all up for a―
a 10 K run.
- Honestly. why are you
in my business?
- Was it the run that pushed you
over the edge? You were... tired.
pissed off?
- And then you found yourself
out here on the goat track.
and you realised it was a shortcut.
And then suddenly. you're out there
alone with the front runners.
It wasn't premeditated. was it?
- Just an opportunity
presenting itself.
- You. her. an old piece of timber
already in your hand.
- But I'm not a violent person.
I can't even watch movies
with gore. or―
- You must've been in a blind rage
to do what you did next.
- Aargh. Aargh!
Oh my God.
- Oh shit.
- Ow.
- I thought you were Nikki.
- Wasn't the plan. though. right?
You thought it'd be one hit
to the back of Nikki's head.
- But blunt force trauma
is never that neat.
- So not only did you
get the wrong girl...
- ...but you had to finish it.
Because she knew you'd just tried
to murder her sister.
- Why would you hit Nikki?
- I'm sorry.
- Oh my God.
- 'm so sorry.
- Aargh. Aargh.
- I have spent my entire life
feeling crap about myself
because of Nikki Hewitt!
Why do the good guys always lose?
- Sorry. I'm not following.
Who's the good guy in thisscenario?
- Beatrix.
If she hadn't stopped
to pick up Nikki's necklace.
which Nikki
never would've done for her ―
not if it meant losing a race.
It was in her hand.
and I thought...
It's like...
her own kindness killed her.
- No. it's not like that at all.
Camilla.
You killed her.
- You tried to kill me?
What is wrong with you. Camilla?
- You are.
That's what's wrong with me ―
what always has been ― you.
- I don't even know this psycho.
- We went to drama school together.
I dropped out because of you.
I gave up on my dream.
- I don't know what you're talking―
- You coughed through my monologue.
You rolled your eyes when I said
anti-gone instead of Antigone.
She told everyone to call me
Camel instead of Camilla.
- What?!
- 'Because she retains water
and she's only had one hump.'
- OK. this is
kind of ringing a bell.
- You don't even have
the decency to remember me.
Why did you do it?
Whatdid I do to you?
Why. Nikki?!
- Because I was 19...
stupid and insecure and
self-conscious about my nose job.
was 19.
- You ruined my life.
And all I could think was.
how does this bitch get to
live happily ever after?
- You think that's what I'm doing?
I'm married to
a man who doesn't e...
I mean. look around. He's not here.
My sister died. and my husband
can't cut his golf holiday short
to come and be with me.
- I thought you had a good
relationship with Roger.
I heard you on the phone.
- Roger's not my husband.
He's my therapist.
One of the only people
I can talk to.
The other one was... Beatrix.
So well done. Camel.
You wanted to kill me?
You've done worse than that.
- No.
I'm not.
You pushed me too far.
- I hope Beatrix haunts you.
I hope she haunts
the shit out of you.
But we all know she won't.
Because she was the nice one.
- No one ever thinks that they're
villain in their own lifestory. eh?
- If you're turning to murder.
you gotta wonder.
- Mm.
- I guess the point is. everyone's
going through something.
- Mm.
- Wait. so was the hot one
the bully or not?
- Well. it depends who you ask.
- I still remember my tormentor's
name. Samantha Roberts.
I unexpectedly got my first period
in PE and she went and told
everybody. So embarrassed.
I was 12. which back then was
considered an early developer.
- I really didn't ask.
- Lee Potter.
He and his mates used to ride bikes
outside my house after school
and yell at me to come out so
they could beat the crap out of me.
- Aw.
Vanessa?
- Oh. Yeah. No. I had a woman
give me shit for...
oh. 30 years. God.
what was her name?
Oh. yeah. Mum.
- Well. no one ever bullied me
at school. I think everyone
was too scared of me.
- Well. Saffron. do you think. um...
do you think maybe
you were the bully?
-  did have to ban you
from the community Facebook page.
caught that last
post about Gladys before she saw it.
Sorry. Sorry.
- Yeah. but it's...
Hmm. You know what?
have to go home
and send a few DMs.
It's never too late. Right?
- Mm-hm.
- Never too late.
- Cheers.
- ?
- You were a little bit. darling.
- Yep.
- This is a big one.
Homicide ― head of Mowai Council.
- I don't know what happened.
- I never trusted that cat.
- These are my consultants...
from Australia.
- The people who run a motel.
- Paw prints prove
that the cat was with the body.
Puss. puss. puss. puss.
- Try up an octave.
Like. puss. puss. Puss. puss.
- You're crazy if you think
that I'm going to let a couple
of retired officers from another
country muddy this investigation.
- Coincidence?
- In Mowai Bay?
I think not.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm